Add the list of contributors agreeing to LGPL licensing (#486)
gnuradio/volk: README.md

## License

> VOLK is moving from the GNU General Public License v3.0 or later (GPL-3.0-or-later) 

Reviewer: "is moving" -> "is migrating" ... same as the file `AUTHORS_RESUBMITTING_UNDER_LGPL_LICENSE.md`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
VOLK is migrating from the GNU General Public License v3.0 or later (GPL-3.0-or-later) 
```

to the GNU Lesser General Public License v3.0 or later (LGPL-3.0-or-later).

> At this point in time, much of the code in the repository is still GPL-licensed, 

Reviewer: `is still GPL-licensed,` -> `is still GPL-licensed.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At this point in time, much of the code in the repository is still GPL-licensed.
```

> but new contributors are asked to use the LGPLv3+ for their code contributions. 

Reviewer: "are asked" -> "are required"

Reviewer: `but new contributors` -> `New contributors`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
New contributors are required to use the LGPLv3+ for their code contributions. 
```

> Existing contributors are very kindly requested to also allow LPGL-licensing by 

Reviewer: `to also allow LPGL-licensing by` -> `to relicense their GPL-3.0-or-later license code contributions to LGPL-3.0-or-later by`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Existing contributors are very kindly requested to re-submit their GPL-3.0-or-later license code contributions to LGPL-3.0-or-later by
```
After various discussion, we ask everyone to re-submit their code. However, all contributors can re-submit by adding themselves to the list instead of actually opening a new PR with all their commits. That would be infeasible to handle.

## License

VOLK is moving from the GNU General Public License version 3.0 (GPLv3) to the
GNU Lesser General Public License version 3.0 (LGPLv3). At this point in time,
much of the code in the repository is still GPL-licensed, but new contributors
are asked to use the LGPLv3 for their code contributions. Existing contributors

> are very kindly requested to also allow LPGL-licensing by adding their name to

Reviewer: "their name" -> "their name, github handle, and email address used for VOLK commits -- possibly more than 1 entry if they submitted code from different handles and/or emails --" ... or something like this

Reviewer 2: I would suggest to update the license statement to LGPLv3+ and add your further explanations below. We can remove the explanations once the process is complete.
